fix: reinstantiate state parameter for goto (#11342)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/60-appendix/30-migrating-to-sveltekit-2.md

## goto(...) changes

> `goto(...)` no longer accepts external URLs. To navigate to an external URL, use `window.location = url`. The `state` object now contributes to `$page.state` and requires an `App.PageState` shape, see [shallow routing](shallow-routing) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`goto(...)` no longer accepts external URLs. To navigate to an external URL, use `window.location = url`. The `state` object now contributes to `$page.state` and requires an `App.PageState` shape. See [shallow routing](shallow-routing) for more details.
```

Reviewer 2: 'contribute' suggests the values are merged or something. also, `state` can be any object at all if you haven't specified a `PageState` interface

```suggestion
`goto(...)` no longer accepts external URLs. To navigate to an external URL, use `window.location = url`. The `state` object now determines `$page.state` and must adhere to the `App.PageState` interface, if declared. See [shallow routing](shallow-routing) for more details.
```
